README.md, before:

# Freezo

A simple, self-hosted application to track food inventory in your freezers. Built with Go, Flutter, and SQLite, designed for homelab environments.

## Architecture

- **Backend**: Go (Golang) with Chi router and SQLite database.
- **Frontend**: React (Vite).
- **Deployment**: Kubernetes via Helm Chart.

## Prerequisites

- Go 1.23+
- Node.js 20+
- Docker
- Kubernetes Cluster (e.g., k3s, minikube)
- Helm

## Local Development

### Local Development (Source)

You can run the backend and frontend in separate terminals:

**Terminal 1 (Backend):**
```bash
make run-backend
```

**Terminal 2 (Frontend):**
```bash
make run-frontend
```

### Local Testing (Docker)

To test the full Docker build locally:

```bash
make run-docker
```
Access the app at `http://localhost:5000`.
Stop the containers with `make stop-docker`.

## Deployment

### Build and Push (Unified Versioning)

The project uses a `Makefile` to build and push Docker images tagged with the current Git version.

1.  **Tag the release**:
    ```bash
    git tag v0.1.0
    ```

2.  **Build and Push**:
    ```bash
    # Build both backend and frontend images
    make build

    # Push to registry
    make push
    ```

    This will create images like `freezo-backend:v0.1.0` and `freezo-frontend:v0.1.0`.

### Deploy with Helm

```bash
helm install freezo ./charts/freezo
```

## Features

- Manage multiple Freezers/Locations.
- Track Items with quantity and expiry dates.
- Categorize items.
- Responsive UI for Desktop and Mobile.

---

This project was vibe coded with [Google Antigravity](https://antigravity.google/) and Gemini 3 Pro.

Commit message:

ci: pipeline enhancements (#1)
* ci: add filesystem and image vulnerability scanning and refine release workflows

* ci: add dependabot

* ci: add pull-request write permissions

* ci: add trivy secret scanning and grouped comments in a single one

* ci: remove trivy secret scan and change report to markdown

* ci: improve trivy report

* test: add vulnerable dependency

* test: remove vulnerable dependency

* chore: cleanup security comment

* chore: cleanup README and Makefile

README.md, after:

# Freezo

A simple, self-hosted application to track food inventory in your freezers. Built with Go, React, and SQLite, designed for homelab environments.

## Architecture

- **Backend**: Go (Golang) with Chi router and SQLite database.
- **Frontend**: React (Vite).
- **Deployment**: Kubernetes via Helm Chart.

## Prerequisites

- Go 1.25+
- Node.js 22+
- Docker
- Kubernetes Cluster (e.g., k3s, minikube)
- Helm

## Local Development

### Local Development (Source)

You can run the backend and frontend in separate terminals:

**Terminal 1 (Backend):**
```bash
make run-backend
```

**Terminal 2 (Frontend):**
```bash
make run-frontend
```

## Release Process

### Application Release
To release a new version of the application (Frontend + Backend):
1.  **Tag the release**:
    ```bash
    git tag v0.1.0
    git push origin v0.1.0
    ```
    This triggers the `release.yml` workflow which builds and pushes the Docker images.

### Helm Chart Release
To release a new version of the Helm chart:
1.  **Update Config**: Bump the version in `charts/freezo/Chart.yaml`.
2.  **Push**: Commit and push the change to `main`.
    This triggers the `chart-release.yml` workflow which packages and releases the chart to GitHub Pages.

## Deployment on Kubernetes

```bash
helm repo add freezo https://rpressiani.github.io/freezo
helm install freezo freezo/freezo
```

## Features

- Manage multiple Freezers/Locations.
- Track Items with quantity and expiry dates.
- Categorize items.
- Responsive UI for Desktop and Mobile.

---

This project was vibe coded with [Google Antigravity](https://antigravity.google/) and Gemini 3 Pro.
